README.md, before:

# Draw at work!
Workshops to learn how to draw to communicate. Not art, communication. Everyone can. Doesn't need to be pretty. Communicate better within teams and stakeholders.

## Why?

1. To think better and sort your ideas
2. To communicate your ideas to others

## 3 basic workshop sessions

For each workshop session, explain quickly what you'll learn and why it's needed.

### The visual alphabet

To make drawing easier without thinking too much, use a visual alphabet to simplify the process. We will use [Dave Gray's visual alphabet](https://medium.com/the-xplane-collection/in-defense-of-the-visual-alphabet-a8dcca7cf151).

### Draw fast

How to simplify and when to add details.

### Human beeings and interaction

We create software to help people. For this we often need to explain interactions between people or people and machines.

## Practicing

Drawing battles. Get better at telling stories that communicate well through drawing and design critique.

1. Choose a story. Write it down
2. Draw (all of you)
3. Design critique
4. Draw again

Commit message:

Update README.md with screenshot

README.md, after:

# Draw at work!
Workshops to learn how to draw to communicate. Not art, communication. Everyone can. Doesn't need to be pretty. Communicate better within teams and stakeholders.

![Screenshot of first take on React app - work in progress](https://github.com/eklem/draw-at-work/assets/236656/66f92f48-9582-4967-ac7f-a4d92d341853)


## Why?

1. To think better and sort your ideas
2. To communicate your ideas to others

## 3 basic workshop sessions

For each workshop session, explain quickly what you'll learn and why it's needed.

### The visual alphabet

To make drawing easier without thinking too much, use a visual alphabet to simplify the process. We will use [Dave Gray's visual alphabet](https://medium.com/the-xplane-collection/in-defense-of-the-visual-alphabet-a8dcca7cf151).

### Draw fast

How to simplify and when to add details.

### Human beeings and interaction

We create software to help people. For this we often need to explain interactions between people or people and machines.

## Practicing

Drawing battles. Get better at telling stories that communicate well through drawing and design critique.

1. Choose a story. Write it down
2. Draw (all of you)
3. Design critique
4. Draw again
